# XTern-Data-Science-
Thank you for looking over my interpretation of the 2020 XTern application relating to Data Science! This is my first post on GitHub, so I appologize for any errors in set up. For calculations, I used MATLAB_R2019a.

For my first conclusion we have XTern1.m, and the corresponding files: maxTips.png, topRated.xslx, and topTips.xslx. I found the intersection of the two files topRated and topTips and graph the corresponding data points, from which I figured as a driver, I would prefer to stick in denser areas, such as (39.7, -85.5) to maximize my tips as the higher rated locations get more traffic and more expensive orders give higher tips.

For my second conclusion, I created XTern2.m. In a similar vein to the previous conclusion, I found the intersection between the highest rated restaurants, along with the cheapest minimum order requirements and the fastest cook times, and graphed the corresponding restaurants. There are several dense locations, such as (39.1, -85.9). This intersection would hopefully have a large volume, due to the cheap prices and high ratings, with a quick turnaround, due to the quick cook time. These would be the locations as a company I would encourage drivers to stay close to, as it allows more orders to be delivered quicker with less drivers, saving Foodies extra expenses.

For my third conclusion, I plotted the graph of new restaurants on top of the highest rated restaurants. I believe that the new locations that are near the higher rated locations (such as 39.4, -85.0) will start off with the best business from FoodieX due to the highest volume of customers that order from that area.

For my final conclusion, I adjusted the ratings of the restaurants. In some cases, a restaurant may have a good rating, but only a few votes compared to others with a similar rating, which may cause some customers to pass them by. To account for this, I calculated a new rating, which adds 1 over the square root of the number of votes to the rating. For locations with a high number of votes, it does little to affect the overall score, but it also adjusts the rating for restaurants with fewer reviews to ensure that smaller businesses have the same recognition as the highly popular locations.
